now while Ezreal was praying and while
now while Ezreal was praying and while he was confessing weeping and bowing
he was confessing weeping and bowing
he was confessing weeping and bowing down before the house of God a very
down before the house of God a very
down before the house of God a very large assembly of men women and children
large assembly of men women and children
large assembly of men women and children gathered to him from Israel for the
gathered to him from Israel for the
gathered to him from Israel for the people wept very bitterly and Chicana
people wept very bitterly and Chicana
people wept very bitterly and Chicana the son of Jehiel one of the sons of
the son of Jehiel one of the sons of
the son of Jehiel one of the sons of Elam spoke up and said to Ezra
Elam spoke up and said to Ezra
Elam spoke up and said to Ezra we have trespassed against our God and
we have trespassed against our God and
we have trespassed against our God and have taken pagan wives from the peoples
have taken pagan wives from the peoples
have taken pagan wives from the peoples of the land yet now there is hope in
of the land yet now there is hope in
of the land yet now there is hope in Israel in spite of this now therefore
Israel in spite of this now therefore
Israel in spite of this now therefore let us make a covenant with our God to
let us make a covenant with our God to
let us make a covenant with our God to put away all these wives and those who
put away all these wives and those who
put away all these wives and those who have been born to them according to the
have been born to them according to the
have been born to them according to the advice of my master and of those who
advice of my master and of those who
advice of my master and of those who tremble at the commandment of our God
tremble at the commandment of our God
tremble at the commandment of our God and let it be done according to the law
and let it be done according to the law
and let it be done according to the law arise for this matter is your
arise for this matter is your
arise for this matter is your responsibility we also are with you be
responsibility we also are with you be
responsibility we also are with you be of good courage and do it then Ezra
of good courage and do it then Ezra
of good courage and do it then Ezra arose and made the leaders of the
arose and made the leaders of the
arose and made the leaders of the priests the Levites and all Israel swear
priests the Levites and all Israel swear
priests the Levites and all Israel swear an oath that they would do according to
an oath that they would do according to
an oath that they would do according to this word so they swore an oath
then Ezra rose up from before the house
then Ezra rose up from before the house of God and went into the chamber of gia
of God and went into the chamber of gia
of God and went into the chamber of gia Haven the son of Elijah and when he came
Haven the son of Elijah and when he came
Haven the son of Elijah and when he came there he ate no bread and drank no water
there he ate no bread and drank no water
there he ate no bread and drank no water for he mourned because of the guilt of
for he mourned because of the guilt of
for he mourned because of the guilt of those from the captivity and they issued
those from the captivity and they issued
those from the captivity and they issued a proclamation throughout Judah and
a proclamation throughout Judah and
a proclamation throughout Judah and Jerusalem to all the descendents of the
Jerusalem to all the descendents of the
Jerusalem to all the descendents of the captivity that they must gather at
captivity that they must gather at
captivity that they must gather at Jerusalem and that whoever would not
Jerusalem and that whoever would not
Jerusalem and that whoever would not come within three days according to the
come within three days according to the
come within three days according to the instructions of the leaders and elders
instructions of the leaders and elders
instructions of the leaders and elders all his property would be confiscated
all his property would be confiscated
all his property would be confiscated and he himself would be separated from
and he himself would be separated from
and he himself would be separated from the Assembly of those from the captivity
so all the men of Judah and Benjamin
so all the men of Judah and Benjamin gathered at Jerusalem within three days
gathered at Jerusalem within three days
gathered at Jerusalem within three days it was the ninth month on the 20th of
it was the ninth month on the 20th of
it was the ninth month on the 20th of the month and all the people sat in the
the month and all the people sat in the
the month and all the people sat in the open square of the house of God
open square of the house of God
open square of the house of God trembling because of this matter because
trembling because of this matter because
trembling because of this matter because of heavy rain then Ezra the priest stood
of heavy rain then Ezra the priest stood
of heavy rain then Ezra the priest stood up and said to them you have
up and said to them you have
up and said to them you have transgressed and have taken pagan wives
transgressed and have taken pagan wives
transgressed and have taken pagan wives adding to the guilt of Israel now
adding to the guilt of Israel now
adding to the guilt of Israel now therefore make confession to the Lord
therefore make confession to the Lord
therefore make confession to the Lord God of your father's and do his will
God of your father's and do his will
God of your father's and do his will separate yourselves from the peoples of
separate yourselves from the peoples of
separate yourselves from the peoples of the land and from the pagan wives and
the land and from the pagan wives and
the land and from the pagan wives and all the Assembly answered and said with
all the Assembly answered and said with
all the Assembly answered and said with a loud voice yes as you have said so we
a loud voice yes as you have said so we
a loud voice yes as you have said so we must do but there are many people it is
must do but there are many people it is
must do but there are many people it is the season for heavy rain and we are not
the season for heavy rain and we are not
the season for heavy rain and we are not able to stand outside nor is this the
able to stand outside nor is this the
able to stand outside nor is this the work of one or two days for there are
work of one or two days for there are
work of one or two days for there are many of us who have transgressed in this
many of us who have transgressed in this
many of us who have transgressed in this matter please let the leaders of our
matter please let the leaders of our
matter please let the leaders of our entire assembly
entire assembly
entire assembly stand and let all those in our cities
stand and let all those in our cities
stand and let all those in our cities who have pagan pagan wives come at
who have pagan pagan wives come at
who have pagan pagan wives come at appointed times together with the elders
appointed times together with the elders
appointed times together with the elders and judges of their cities until the
and judges of their cities until the
and judges of their cities until the fierce wrath of our God is turned away
fierce wrath of our God is turned away
fierce wrath of our God is turned away from us in this matter
from us in this matter
from us in this matter only Jonathan the son of a Sahel and J
only Jonathan the son of a Sahel and J
only Jonathan the son of a Sahel and J huzzah the son of tikva opposed this and
huzzah the son of tikva opposed this and
huzzah the son of tikva opposed this and Michelle Amanda buffet the Levite gave
Michelle Amanda buffet the Levite gave
Michelle Amanda buffet the Levite gave them support then the descendants of the
them support then the descendants of the
them support then the descendants of the captivity did so and Ezra the priest
captivity did so and Ezra the priest
captivity did so and Ezra the priest with certain heads of the father's
with certain heads of the father's
with certain heads of the father's households were set apart by the
households were set apart by the
households were set apart by the father's households each of them by name
father's households each of them by name
father's households each of them by name and they sat down on the first day of
and they sat down on the first day of
and they sat down on the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter by
the tenth month to examine the matter by
the tenth month to examine the matter by the first day of the first month they
the first day of the first month they
the first day of the first month they finished questioning all the men who had
finished questioning all the men who had
finished questioning all the men who had taken pagan wives and among the sons of
taken pagan wives and among the sons of
taken pagan wives and among the sons of the priests who had taken pagan wives
the priests who had taken pagan wives
the priests who had taken pagan wives the following were found of the sons of
the following were found of the sons of
the following were found of the sons of Jess or the son of josedech and his
Jess or the son of josedech and his
Jess or the son of josedech and his brothers may Asiya Eleazar J rib and get
brothers may Asiya Eleazar J rib and get
brothers may Asiya Eleazar J rib and get a lie and they gave their promise that
a lie and they gave their promise that
a lie and they gave their promise that they would put away their wives and
they would put away their wives and
they would put away their wives and being guilty they presented a ram of the
being guilty they presented a ram of the
being guilty they presented a ram of the flock as their chests are suffering also
flock as their chests are suffering also
flock as their chests are suffering also of the sons of Emma Hanina and zebediah
of the sons of Emma Hanina and zebediah
of the sons of Emma Hanina and zebediah of the sons of Aaron mayor SIA Elijah
of the sons of Aaron mayor SIA Elijah
of the sons of Aaron mayor SIA Elijah Shania
Shania
Shania Jehiel and Isaiah of the sons of pascha
Jehiel and Isaiah of the sons of pascha
Jehiel and Isaiah of the sons of pascha lue night mayor SIA Ishmael
lue night mayor SIA Ishmael
lue night mayor SIA Ishmael Nathanael jazz Abad and Ella sir also of
Nathanael jazz Abad and Ella sir also of
Nathanael jazz Abad and Ella sir also of the Levites
the Levites
the Levites Jazza Burt Chimay I kill aya the same as
Jazza Burt Chimay I kill aya the same as
Jazza Burt Chimay I kill aya the same as colita pepper hyah
colita pepper hyah
colita pepper hyah Judah and ELISA also of the singers
Judah and ELISA also of the singers
Judah and ELISA also of the singers Elijah and of the gatekeepers challenge
Elijah and of the gatekeepers challenge
Elijah and of the gatekeepers challenge Tellem and urine and others of Israel of
Tellem and urine and others of Israel of
Tellem and urine and others of Israel of the sons of Parrish raamaiah
the sons of Parrish raamaiah
the sons of Parrish raamaiah Josiah mal kaya midge Amin Eliezer mal
Josiah mal kaya midge Amin Eliezer mal
Josiah mal kaya midge Amin Eliezer mal Qaeda and bin Nayar of the sons of Elam
Qaeda and bin Nayar of the sons of Elam
Qaeda and bin Nayar of the sons of Elam mattaniah Zechariah Jehiel
mattaniah Zechariah Jehiel
mattaniah Zechariah Jehiel Abdi Jeremiah and a liar of the sons of
Abdi Jeremiah and a liar of the sons of
Abdi Jeremiah and a liar of the sons of Zetas lue 9 Elijah
Zetas lue 9 Elijah
Zetas lue 9 Elijah mattaniah Jeremiah say bad and as either
mattaniah Jeremiah say bad and as either
mattaniah Jeremiah say bad and as either of the sons of B by G her hainan
of the sons of B by G her hainan
of the sons of B by G her hainan Hananiah Z by and a file of the sons of
Hananiah Z by and a file of the sons of
Hananiah Z by and a file of the sons of Boehner
Boehner
Boehner moschella Mellon a dad Jason she'll and
moschella Mellon a dad Jason she'll and
moschella Mellon a dad Jason she'll and ring of the sons of pay half mad Edna
ring of the sons of pay half mad Edna
ring of the sons of pay half mad Edna Kela binaya
Kela binaya
Kela binaya mayor SIA mattaniah Bezalel Pina and
mayor SIA mattaniah Bezalel Pina and
mayor SIA mattaniah Bezalel Pina and Manasseh of the sons of Hiram Eleazar
Manasseh of the sons of Hiram Eleazar
Manasseh of the sons of Hiram Eleazar fish idea al Qaeda Sameach Simeon
fish idea al Qaeda Sameach Simeon
fish idea al Qaeda Sameach Simeon Benjamin Malik and shimmer eye of the
Benjamin Malik and shimmer eye of the
Benjamin Malik and shimmer eye of the sons of Haitian Matt and I Matata say
sons of Haitian Matt and I Matata say
sons of Haitian Matt and I Matata say bird deliver let Jeremy Manasseh and
bird deliver let Jeremy Manasseh and
bird deliver let Jeremy Manasseh and shamea of the sons of pain may die Imran
shamea of the sons of pain may die Imran
shamea of the sons of pain may die Imran UL binaya padilla Keller
UL binaya padilla Keller
UL binaya padilla Keller Marama a liar ship mattaniah matt and i
Marama a liar ship mattaniah matt and i
Marama a liar ship mattaniah matt and i JSI bein I pin you I shimmy I shall
JSI bein I pin you I shimmy I shall
JSI bein I pin you I shimmy I shall Amaya Nathan
Amaya Nathan
Amaya Nathan adaiah Mac Madiba che che che rye as RL
adaiah Mac Madiba che che che rye as RL
adaiah Mac Madiba che che che rye as RL chalamaiah Shamar aya Shalem a Mariah
chalamaiah Shamar aya Shalem a Mariah
chalamaiah Shamar aya Shalem a Mariah and Joseph of the sons of neva Jil
and Joseph of the sons of neva Jil
and Joseph of the sons of neva Jil mattifier
mattifier
mattifier Z bird subpoena Jedi jor-el and binaya
Z bird subpoena Jedi jor-el and binaya
Z bird subpoena Jedi jor-el and binaya all these had taken pagan wives and some
all these had taken pagan wives and some
all these had taken pagan wives and some of them had wives by whom they had
of them had wives by whom they had
of them had wives by whom they had children
children
children [Music]